Add handling free tiers to pricing principles (#9242)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/feature-pricing.md

- Features that are focused around extra security, permissioning, compliance, or other enterprise-style upgrades should be reserved for our enterprise pricing tier.

> - Unless there is a very good reason not to (e.g. we lower our prices), we should grandfather existing customers' pricing tiers to avoid unexpected pricing changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unless there is a very good reason not to, we should grandfather existing customers' pricing tiers if they are cheaper than the new pricing to avoid unexpected pricing changes. 
```

> ### Deciding on a free volume tier, and making changes to it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deciding on a free volume, and making changes to it
```

> - When choosing a free volume tier for a new product, we should choose a value that is in line with our pricing principles: It should give customers the opportunity to experience the product before paying for it, and we should slightly undercut our competitors if they offer a free tier. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When choosing a free volume for a new product, we should choose a value that is in line with our pricing principles: It should give customers the opportunity to experience the product before paying for it, and we should slightly undercut our competitors if they offer a free tier. 
```
